Handle new license function + AuraDS (#512)
neo4j/graph-data-science-client: changelog.md

## Bug fixes

> * Fixed a bug which would throw on running gds.license.state against an AuraDS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug which caused an exception to be raised when running `gds.license.state` targeting an AuraDS instance.
```
